feat: add beagle flutter documentation (#717)
ZupIT/beagle-docs: content/en/resources/customization/beagle-for-flutter/services/storage.md

---
title: Storage
weight: 189
description: >-

>   You will find here information of how to configure the storage in Beagle Flutter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In this section, you will information on how to configure the storage in Beagle Flutter.
```

---

---

## Introduction
It handles the cache storage for requests made by Beagle. Beagle Flutter provides a default implementation called `DefaultStorage`. Here is the contract:

```dart
abstract class Storage {
  /// Adds the tuple ([key], [value]) to this persistent storage. The Future (promise) returned
  /// resolves as soon as the operation completes.
  Future<void> setItem(String key, String value);

  /// Retrieves the value identified by the [key] passed as parameter. If the key doesn't exist,
  /// null is returned. The return value is wrapped in a Future (promise).
  Future<String> getItem(String key);

  /// Removes a [key] from the storage. The Future (promise) returned resolves as soon as the
  /// operation completes.
  Future<void> removeItem(String key);

  /// removes everything from the storage. The Future (promise) returned resolves as soon as the
  /// operation completes.
  Future<void> clear();
}
```

> To avoid vulnerability issues, the default implementation stores information only in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid vulnerability issues, the default implementation stores information only in the memory.
```

## Create a custom storage

> To create your own storage, you only need to create a class that implements the `Storage` abstract class, here is the default implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a class that implements the `Storage` abstract class, here is the default implementation:
```
